---
layout: post
title: "A Clarification of Goals"
categories:
---

Today marks roughly the one week mark since I completed my CS degree program, and I have spent the time since developing a game-plan on how I should proceed with my self-education and career development.  While I’ll outline my initial plans in a later post, I’d like to take the time in this post to clarify my goals (vague as they might be).

During my degree coursework, I was lucky enough to discover a few areas of the field that I found exceptionally engaging.  Among these were quality assurance, internet of things, and information security.  The more I studied in these areas, the less appealing a career as a production software developer became, and the more intensely I wanted to find a way to incorporate one (or all) of these fields into a future career.  I even conducted degree audits to see if a switch of majors to information security would be viable for me, but ultimately decided against it.

Despite my newfound interests, I’m ultimately thankful to have concentrated in software engineering because of the skillset it helped me build.  As I perused cyber security forums and job postings, there seemed to be some ambiguity over whether being able to code was a necessary skill for an infosec professional to have.  Thankfully, having spent several years honing this skill, I feel prepared to fill in roles where programming aptitude is needed.  Additionally, careers in application security interest me greatly, as they combine my abilities in software development with my affinity for information security.

At this point in my career, I’m seeking a job in cyber security, or a software development role with a strong focus in quality assurance (The SDET designation is one I’ve only recently learned about, but which interests me greatly).  Ultimately, I’d like to parlay my existing skills in software development into an information security role where I can put those skills to good use.  There will be definitely be obstacles to this path, but I’m doing my best to anticipate and mitigate them ahead of time.

In an upcoming post, I’ll outline how I intend to reinforce my skillset in the direction of my ideal career path, what my short-term goals are, and how I’m acting to achieve them.
